Update cdc-failover.mdx fix quoted links (#6731)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5.7/cdc-failover.mdx

```

> Replace `<top-level group name>` with the name of your cluster’s top-level group. If you don't know the name, it's the group with a node_group_parent_id equal to 0 in [`bdr.node_group`](/pgd/5.7/reference/catalogs-visible#bdrnode_group). 

Author: ```suggestion
Replace `<top-level group name>` with the name of your cluster’s top-level group. If you don't know the name, it's the group with a node_group_parent_id equal to 0 in [`bdr.node_group`](/pgd/latest/reference/catalogs-visible#bdrnode_group). 
```
